spec: abci++ cleanup for v0.37 (#9288)
tendermint/tendermint: spec/abci++/abci++_tmint_expected_behavior.md

  will return _accept_ in its `Response*`;
<!-- * `ExtendVote` will be called exactly once at all processes;
* `VerifyVoteExtension` will be called exactly _n-1_ times at each validator process, where _n_ is
  the number of validators, and will always return _accept_ in its `Response*`; -->
*  `BeginBlock` will be called exactly once at all processes, conveying the same prepared
  block header that all calls to `PrepareProposal` and `ProcessProposal` had previously reported for
  height _h_; and
* `DeliverTx` will be called exactly once for each transaction within the block. 
* `EndBlock` will be called exactly once after `DeliverTx` has been executed for all transactions and marks 
  the end of processing for the block. 
* `Commit` will finally be called exactly once at all processes at the end of height _h_.

However, the Application logic must be ready to cope with any possible run of Tendermint for a given
height, including bad periods (byzantine proposers, network being asynchronous).
In these cases, the sequence of calls to ABCI++ methods may not be so straighforward, but
the Application should still be able to handle them, e.g., without crashing.

> The purpose of this section is to define what these sequences look like an a precise way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this section is to define what these sequences look like in a precise way.
```

* `PrepareProposal` will be called exactly once at the proposer process of round 0, height _h_;
* `ProcessProposal` will be called exactly once at all processes, and
  will return _accept_ in its `Response*`;
<!-- * `ExtendVote` will be called exactly once at all processes;
* `VerifyVoteExtension` will be called exactly _n-1_ times at each validator process, where _n_ is
  the number of validators, and will always return _accept_ in its `Response*`; -->
* `BeginBlock` will be called exactly once at all processes, conveying the same prepared

>   block that all calls to `PrepareProposal` and `ProcessProposal` had previously reported for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `BeginBlock` will be called exactly once at all processes, conveying the same prepared
  block header that all calls to `PrepareProposal` and `ProcessProposal` had previously reported for
```

  height _h_; and
* `DeliverTx` will be called exactly once for each transaction within the block. 
* `EndBlock` will be called exactly once after `DeliverTx` has been executed for all transactions and marks 

>   the end of processing for a particular block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the end of processing for the block. 
```

> consensus-height    = *consensus-round decide commit

Reviewer: "decide" is not defined.
You probably want to leave it here, and define as follows:
```
decide = begin-block  *deliver-txs end-block 
```

consensus-round     = proposer / non-proposer

proposer            = *got-vote prepare-proposal *got-vote process-proposal

> non-proposer        = *got-vote [process-proposal]

Reviewer: We won't see "got-vote", as we don't have vote extensions, you can delete all occurrences

Here is how ABCI++ methods should be implemented.

First of all, all the methods that did not change from ABCI to ABCI++, namely `Echo`, `Flush`, `Info`, `InitChain`,
`BeginBlock`, `DerliverTx`, `EndBlock`,`Query`, `CheckTx`, `ListSnapshots`, `LoadSnapshotChunk`, `OfferSnapshot`, 
and `ApplySnapshotChunk`, do not need to undergo any changes in their implementation.

As for the new methods:

> * `PrepareProposal` must create a list of [transactions](./abci++_methods.md#prepareproposal) each containing
>   a transaction passed in `RequestPrepareProposal.txs`, in the same order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PrepareProposal` must create a list of [transactions](./abci++_methods.md#prepareproposal)
  by copying over the transaction list passed in `RequestPrepareProposal.txs`, in the same order. 
```
